README.md, before:

# MAIS

This repository is home to a script used to install and configure a Linux system, particularly my own systems.
The repository is currently under development and is not very usable.
Also will be using this 'REAME.md' as documentation on how to use the script.

## mais

`mais` is a wrapper script used to install and configure systems.

### Dependencies

`mais` requires the following as dependencies. You can install these before installation,
or let the script do it for you.
* `rsync` &rarr; For installing the dotfiles.
* `base-devel` &rarr; For making packages.
* `git` &rarr; Used to clone remote repositories.

# Watch Out

The script is not in a "usable" state yet. It's going under heavy refactoring and rewrites.
***It may just brick your system if you use as it is now!***
I'm mainly just publishing it now so that I can keep track of changes.
Once it reaches a usable and semi-stable state I will be updating the README to reflect how
the project is used and what the options are.

Commit message:

Added command to get `mais`

README.md, after:

# MAIS

This repository is home to a script used to install and configure a Linux system, particularly my own systems.
The repository is currently under development and is not very usable.
Also will be using this 'REAME.md' as documentation on how to use the script.

## mais

`mais` is a wrapper script used to install and configure systems.

### Dependencies

`mais` requires the following as dependencies. You can install these before installation,
or let the script do it for you.
* `rsync` &rarr; For installing the dotfiles.
* `base-devel` &rarr; For making packages.
* `git` &rarr; Used to clone remote repositories.

## Running `mais`
You can run this command to get `mais`:
``` bash
curl -LO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/themamiza/mais/refs/heads/main/mais && chmod +x mais
```
# Watch Out

The script is not in a "usable" state yet. It's going under heavy refactoring and rewrites.
***It may just brick your system if you use as it is now!***
I'm mainly just publishing it now so that I can keep track of changes.
Once it reaches a usable and semi-stable state I will be updating the README to reflect how
the project is used and what the options are.
